I heard you. You hate men, and to be
honest, I cannot even blame you because
there are men who are literally walking
red flags. That's why I keep talking
about these red flags so you can stop
falling for dusty men.
But this does not mean that every man
out there is bad. Hi guys, and welcome
back to my channel. If you're new here,
my name is Mikaela. And if not, you
might notice that this is not my usual
setting. I left Dubai just to reset my
nervous system, to relax for a bit, and
to get back into my feminine energy, be
creative, and be able to work and do
content for you.
Anyways, let's get right into this.
First of all, you create the reality by
the beliefs you have. And that is for
everything in life. Now, if you have the
belief that all men are bad, if you keep
consuming content about all the red
flags, about all the bad sides of men,
of course, you will create a reality
that will reaffirm that belief that all
men are trash. And that's exactly why I
have created a full document, a
blueprint, on how to spot the right men,
to know what are the red flags, what to
watch out for, and what are the signs of
a good man. Now, of course, you do not
need to get my playbook to find that
out, but it has helped already hundreds
of women to finally find a good man, to
finally receive the love, the gifts, and
the attention, and the investment from
men they deserve. So, if you want to
download it, click the link below. Now,
let's continue. I see so many women on
the internet talking about how bad men
are, and that it's way easier to stay
single than to be with a man. While
that's true in a way, there are still
good men out there. And especially
through the period of the war that
happened in Dubai, I realized and
noticed how important men are in our
lives. I'm not saying that we cannot
live by ourselves, but I'm saying that
the masculine role in our lives have an
impact, and we need to learn to actually
create the reality of having a healthy
masculine around us. Now, I want you to,
yes, consume some of the content where
you learn about red flags, you learn
about what dusty men do so you won't
fall for them, but I want you to also
consume content about learning what good
men are. What do good men do? Because,
believe me, as a woman, you cannot fully
relax in your feminine if you are by
yourself. You need to fend for yourself,
you need to work, you need to care for
your bills, you need to
take care of all the responsibilities of
your life. And while that's a great
thing in nowadays world, it is also
taking away from your femininity, okay?
Now, when you are with a healthy
masculine man in your life, he takes on
half of those responsibilities, the
majority of those responsibilities, and
allows you to fall back into your
feminine. In your feminine is where you
will find your purpose, why you're here
in life. Now, back to the topic with the
war, I realized when I was in that
situation of uncertainty, war is
happening around me, not knowing what's
going to happen, I was really craving
the masculine figure in my life. I was
craving someone that gives me that kind
of stability and calmness and has a cool
head throughout all that chaos and storm
of my emotions. And this is something
very normal for women. If you are not
completely disconnected from your
femininity and shutting down all your
emotions, it's very normal that we are
seeing things from an emotional
perspective, we are thinking about
worst-case scenario, and we are more
easily living in survival mode than men
do. Now, if you have a man next to you
that you trust, of course, this man can
give you that stability, some
reassurance, can help you keep a cool
head through those difficult times. And
that's when I remembered again how
important and how beautiful the dynamic
between the feminine and the masculine
is. Men are important in our lives.
There are many things men do that women
can do, but we do not have to do them.
Down the line, I just want you to
rethink, why do you hate men? I get it,
you have been hurt one time or many
times, and it's very easy to draw a
conclusion and say, "I just don't like
men at all. I just don't need men. It's
easier to be without men." And not look
inside and actually ask yourself, "Why
do I attract these bad men? Why do I am
finding myself in these positions with
toxic men?" I hate to break it to you,
even though many men are simply bad,
toxic, narcissistic, you are the person
who keeps attracting those men, who
keeps entertaining those men. Now,
the first step to not finding yourself
in these relationships dynamics is not
to completely withdraw from men in
general. It is to
learn
about what good men are. Learn about
what kind of men do you really want, and
what kind of woman does this type of man
actually wants. If you, for example,
always wanted to be with an entrepreneur
that has his life together, that is
stable, that gives you emotional
reassurance, is healthy, has a healthy
lifestyle, but at the same time, every
day you are struggling to love yourself,
you're struggling to actually take care
of yourself, have a healthy lifestyle
yourself, do something with your life
yourself, and live a life you already
love without a man,
you will not attract the right type of
man. When you're super in your masculine
and you're overworking,
hyper-independent, and not allowing any
man to help you, of course, you will
attract men that are very much in their
feminine because you take on that
masculine role. You need to understand
who are you now, and what kind of woman
does the man you want to be with wants
to be with,
if that makes any sense.
For example, if you are very much in
your feminine and you do not have
boundaries, you do not love yourself at
all, you will always attract
narcissistic men. They know what's
missing. They keep love bombing you in
the beginning so that you have the
feeling of, "Wow, finally someone loves
me. Finally someone gives me what I
cannot give myself." But then, once they
know they have you hooked, once they
know you got something from them that
you cannot give yourself, they will
withdraw. They will take back what they
gave you. They will turn around the
whole game, and then you will start to
run after them, have these withdrawal
symptoms, and think that you cannot live
without this person because he gave you
something that you cannot give yourself.
These type of men are always looking for
very empathic women that do not love
themselves much, and that's exactly when
you start to be in that cycle. And you
will be wondering, "Why can I not let go
of such a nasty man that does not even
do good to me?" It's because they know
they give you what you can't give
yourself. They know that they have you
not only emotionally hooked, your brain
actually gets addicted to this person
because of these ups and downs. It's
scientifically proven that your brain
can get addicted to that rush of
very high highs and very low lows. It's
like a drug. And back to the point, you
won't solve the problem by simply
withdrawing from every man. No, you only
solve the problem by becoming the woman
a good man would want to be with. And
this is not about being someone for a
man. This is just for you to understand
where you are lacking in general. You
think it will only show up in
relationships, but if you're lacking
having self-respect, if you're lacking
having boundaries, if you're lacking
self-love,
this will not only show up in
relationships, it also shows up in your
business, in your career, in the way you
look like. It shows up in friendships,
relationships with your families. It
shows up throughout all your life. So,
if you start to work on becoming that
woman, that perfect package of what you
think your perfect man would want to be
with,
your whole life will transform. The next
thing is that just because one man or
many men have been treating you badly
does not mean
that all men will be treating you badly.
It simply means that you haven't found
your person yet. So many times, people
go into a new relationship with the
wounds from an old relationship and
bleed onto the new one. Meaning, for
example, your ex-partner has been
cheating on you, lying to you, and
betrayed you many times. Now, you're
having a new partner, and you cannot
trust him. You think all men will be
lying. You think the person before lied
to you, so the next person will be lying
to you again. And that's a problem
because you're not even giving a chance
to a new man. You think just because my
ex-partner has been lying to me over and
over again, I'm going to get into a new
relationship with the belief that this
man is going to lie to me over and over
again. No, I just know that my
ex-partner was not my person. That's it.
Whatever the reason was why he was lying
to me, I do not care. He was just not my
person, and that's okay. That does not
mean that no man would ever be my
person. And you need to know that no
other person, no other man, or if you're
a man, not even another woman, is
responsible for the wounds that your
ex-partner has done to you, okay? You
are responsible to heal and to be able
to trust again. Healing does not mean
withdrawing completely. Healing does not
mean hurting the next person. Healing
does not mean that someone else needs to
come to stick together your wounds.
Healing means that you start to trust
again. Healing means that you start to
understand, "Hey, okay, things happened
in my life, but it was just not my
person, and there is still my person
waiting out there." And what always
helps me is to remind myself the less
time I spend with a dusty man, a man
that cannot give me what I need, the
more time I have to be with a real good
man, with my person. And now you will
say, "Yeah, but it's so difficult when
you already have emotions to just leave.
It's so difficult." No, girl, it's not
that difficult. The only difficult part
for you is to let go because you think
nothing better is coming, but better is
always coming. You have to be so
grateful for universe, the God, or even
the person himself that he showed you
early enough that he's not the right
person for you. And your only mistake in
all of that is that you allowed the
wrong person to stay in your life longer
than necessary. Next time, whenever a
man treats you badly, shows you that he
is not the right person for you, you
have to immediately quit and say,
"I'm thankful for this time with you.
Thank you for showing me that you were
not my person." That's it. That's the
only way how you will not attach so
quickly and how you will actually make
space for a good man. And if you're
wondering now what a good man actually
is, a good man is a man that is so much
in love with you that he does things for
you because he loves you. He does things
for you because he wants to see you good
and be better. He wants to take care of
you. He wants to see you win. He is
rooting for you, not because he has to,
not because you are a liability, but
because he sees a future with you. And
this is completely different from a man
that is just in relationship with you.
You need to sort out the man very, very
early, so you will not be attached to a
man that just sees you as something
temporarily. You need to wait and be
with that man that actually loves you.
And believe me, it is very clear when a
man loves you. And sometimes, you
probably have seen on Instagram or on
social media in general, when a man is
really, really sweet to a woman, when a
man does all these great gestures, when
a man is giving gifts to a woman over
and over again, is sending her money, is
doing things for her that are so
extraordinary,
and you probably will be thinking, "Oh,
that that cannot be true. This is all
fake. This is all not real." And that's
the exact problem why you have not met
that person yet, because believe me, it
is real, okay? It is true, and I have
experienced it. I have experienced a man
loving me so deeply that he would do
everything for me. It is a different
feeling, and since that relationship, I
would never, ever allow anything less in
my life. A good man would never push you
to be intimate with him, never, ever,
okay? A good man will give you all the
space you need, will give you all the
respect, and will give you also all the
clarity. When you are with a good man
that loves you, you will know you will
not have any doubts. All in all, I want
to tell you that good men do exist, and
I want you to stop to completely close
off, not because I think that you need
to be with a man, but if you're
completely neglecting and withdrawing
from men, it's not because of strength,
it's because there is something in you
that you have not healed and you're
trying to run away from. And once you
have healed it,
you will attract a good man if you want
it or not, and your whole life will
change for the better. Anyways, guys,
thank you so, so much for watching. I
hope this could help, and I love you so
much. I see you in my next video.
Bye-bye.